Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, recently I got a review which says the ecommerce codes are way too zoomed and currently how making
a cost on multi-vendor hub with at partner hands a payment gateway.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to upload this lectures in this course.
And the reason for this is because you deserve better.
But before then, please note I'm not yet done with the demo and it's going to take six days for me
to be true with the demo, which after I'm going to replace with this video.
Okay.
But before then as well, I'm going to show you the parts which I'm done with.
So this is the hub.
Like I said, it is a multi-vendor hub and it's going to have a me partner and also a payment method.
Okay.
Now we basically have two type of user that is the customers and the sellers.
Now, this is a customer.
Screen we can.
The picture, perfect picture by either from camera or the gallery.
Okay.
We just have to wait for our.
Gallery.
Click on this.
Ed is asking for the full name.
For the full name.
This is going to be.
Mark.
Peter and is asking for the email address.
And this is going to be Mark.
Peter.
At Gmail dot com and the password is going to be B, e, j y and a C, and we can as well hide our password.
Okay.
In order for us to create a seller's account, we can just click on create a seller's account or via
or we can just choose to log in.
What we have to do is now is to click on the sign up.
Okay.
This is going to take some time in order to sign up the user.
And like I said, I'm not yet done with the demo.
And it's going to take about six days for me to finish this, and I'm going to replace it with the new
video.
Okay.
So that's asking for us to sign in into the accounts we just recently created.
And for the email address, I think we called this mack.
Peter has email dot com and the password is going to be b.j y missy.
Right.
And we can then click on log in.
This is going to take some time as well to log in the user.
Okay, great.
Now you can see we have various categories.
That is the man categories, the women categories and the shoes categories.
We also okay, we don't currently have any products for the shoes categories and each sellers is going
to have its own store.
You can see currently we have just one seller and it has just one store which is called Mac Store.
Okay.
We're just going to wait for this to see how many products that seller has.
That seller has one, two, three, four, five, five products.
We can choose to contact the seller through WhatsApp and as well we can follow the seller via.
Okay.
And.
We can click on any of the products we desire to buy.
And this is the.
Product image.
We have up to two images for that product.
And we can click on this to view it fully.
You can see.
We can basically switch over to.
And go back.
Then we can choose to hard to cut and we can go to the car screen.
You can see we can choose to increment our cards and we can choose to document.
And like I said, it's going to take these days to for me to finish the full demo and I'm going to replace
it with.
With this lecture.
So for now, I'm not yet done with the demo, but it's going to be a fully featured motivation to have
with all Multi-vendor futures.
You can see why.
We also do have the categories and this is the main categories.
We also do have for the women shoes, bags and many others and jackets.
Okay.
Order a profile.
This is the profile of the of the user.
You can see Mac Pizza and the email address is Mac Pizza, the phone number.
Okay.
We can as well log out, change password for to and so on.
This is the screen.
Okay.
Now, this is basically what I've what I've done so far, and I'm going to start uploading the lectures
for all this.
There's going to take me six days.
You can see we can as well.
Hard to figure, right?
It's going to take me up to six days.
Then I'm going to replace after I'm done with the Motivator Hub, I'm going to replace it with this
lecture.
So you are fully going to see what we are going to learn or not to build.
So you can see it basically has all the ecommerce features and.
It's going to have more of the E future.
So this is a very good composition, but I'm still going to leave that E Commerce section there.
But I think it's way too zoomed, according to some students.
I think everyone deserves to be satisfied.
So you can watch that section.
That is the E Commerce section, because I'm going to leave that there, but I'm going to have a new
section where you're going to learn a lot to build a fully featured Multi-window hub.
So this is the customize account you can see has the profile via and this is the store of the the seller.
That's all you want.
You just need to do is you're going to need to wait for six days.
So I'm going to make I'm going to complete the multi vendor hub.
Then you're going to see what you you're going to know how to build after the course.
Okay.
So basically throughout this course, throughout the entire course, you're going to learn how to build
a to clone and e-commerce websites.
Is Zoom cloned and a multi-vendor clone.
So this is the course of dates currently.
Okay.
And like I said, and since this time, I'm going to be done with the demo and I'm going to replace
it with this lecture for you to see.
Okay.
For you to see what you learned on attribute after you finish the after you finish the what vendor section.
You can see we can create a seller's account.
Create a seller's account.
Click on.
Okay.
Hopefully I can create a seller's account.
And we can.
Upload this image.
And for the full name, it is basically referring to the store name.
So I'm going to call this Mac Pizza Store.
And for the middle class, this Mack Peter store had Gmail.
That's com.
And the password is going to be g-a-y and ac.
And.
We're going to need to click on the sign up and it's going to take some time to create the user and
then after we are going to be able to log into the accounts.
Okay.
We just have to wait for this.
I think it's taking longer than expected.
Probably my network issue.
Okay.
And now we can.
Mark.
Peter.
Store art.
Gmail dot com.
And the password is this.
And we just have to click on log in.
Log in.
Okay.
You can see we also have the men category, the women category.
But this time around we have the dashboard and you can see the user is going to have the story.
The seller is going to have my store.
You can see this is this is the seller store.
Okay.
I'm just going to solve this later, okay?
Like I said, this is currently under development and I'm going to be done with this in six days.
Okay.
My store.
We have not uploaded any products yet.
Right.
So yeah, we can upload products to various categories.
We can see we can upload to the main category and we can choose from the subcategory of the man.
We have the shirt, the t shirt, jacket, best coats, jeans, shots, suits and order.
Like we can have the price and we can add multiple images.
You can choose to upload multiple images.
Okay for dinner?
I just have one, but we can upload multiple images.
We can upload multiple images and we're going to be able to slide this way in order to see the images
we upload that we can choose the price, the quantity, the product name.
The description.
You can see.
But we also do have this tour.
You can see we have two stores.
Okay.
The Mac store and Mac Beta Store, which I just recently created and currently this user do not have
any products.
Right.
Okay.
But this user has some products.
You can see.
Okay.
You can see we can add to favorites.
Civil Rights Act.
You can see we can.
That's great, right?
Okay.
Now, in six days, I'm going to show you the full demo because after a customer purchases any products
the seller is going to have an end is for.
That's okay.
You're going to see you can see the balance.
So you can see the statistics, the manage product, edit profile.
So our Multi-vendor hub is basically going to have all these features U.S. via OC.
So in six days I'm going to be done with the demo and you're going to see what you're going to know
how to view it.
But before then, I'm going to start uploading lectures for all this right away, okay?
Okay, guys, see you in the next video.